Is this guy crazy?
Dare to speak rudely to the God of War
Lord God of War
Even if he doesn't believe it, he dares to act recklessly
Now he's dead.
Lu Ming, you are done
You are waiting to bear the wrath of Lord War God
Enough Lu Ming
You want to pull our Li family
It's doomed with you
Are you willing to give up?
You are courting death
I beat you again and again
But it's not that you're open-mouthed
Unbridled capital
My capital
It will always be me who nominates you, but you don't want it.
Then I'll go for you.
Lord War God
Lu Min is open-mouthed
He's not a friendship, you spare him this time
I kneel down for him and apologize for him
You don't have to kowtow to him.
Lord War God
We're going to the soaring feast today
Just to thank the Mad Dragon King for saving his life
For the sake of the Mad Dragon King
Spare us this time
neuropathy
You should plead guilty and be punished for the trouble you caused
I just came out of the hall to refine your knife.
Are you a fucking man?
This guy is not a thing
It should be cut with a thousand cuts
Right and wrong with Zhao Zilong
Designate his sins today
Han Yue, take it for me
Huanglong Tianwang Road